Alcon is a global medical company specializing in eye care products with headquarters in Fort Worth, Texas, United States, and incorporated in Fribourg, Switzerland. As the global leader in eye care, Alcon develops and manufactures innovative medicines and devices to serve the full life cycle of eye care needs. Alcon's American headquarters are located in Fort Worth, Texas. Alcon is a subsidiary of Novartis although the company announced intention to seek shareholder approval for 100% spinoff of Alcon eye care devices business in order to create an independent company in 2019. Alcon was founded in 1945 in Fort Worth, Texas, USA. The company started as a small pharmacy in Fort Worth and was named for its founders, pharmacists Robert Alexander and William Conner. Conner and Alexander focused on sterile ophthalmic products. Nestle of Switzerland purchased Alcon in 1977. Alcon expanded its manufacturing capability with new plants in South America and Europe and drastically increased its investment in research. In 1979, Alcon acquired Texas Pharmacal Company which became Dermatological Products of Texas (and is now DPT Laboratories). In 1984, Alcon founded the Technical Excellence Award to promote achievements in R&D excellence and has awarded it to more than 100 recipients. The Alcon product line has expanded from pharmaceuticals to the surgical arena. Today, Alcon has operations in 75 countries and their products are sold in over 180 countries. Nestle conducted an initial public offering of 25% of its stake in Alcon in 2002. The stock is traded under the ticker symbol ACL. In July 2008, Novartis purchased approximately 25% of Nestle's stake in Alcon, with an option to buy Nestle's remaining shares beginning in 2010. Novartis bought 52% stake from Nestle for $28.1 Billion. This deal brought the total ownership of Novartis to 77%. Beginning January 2010, Novartis formally announced it will be completing the exercise options for finishing purchasing the rest of Alcon and then promptly continue to exercise merger and takeover of Alcon. On March 29, 2010, Alcon acquired Durezol and Zyclorin from Sirion Therapeutics. Alcon received regulatory approval to acquire the rights of Durezol emulsion in the US and the global rights, excluding Latin America, for Zyclorin from Sirion Therapeutics. On June 28, 2010, Alcon's Independent Director Committee announced that a recommendation by the Committee was an indispensable first step before the board of the company can decide on the merger proposal of Novartis AG, refuted Novartis’ public implications that it would be able to unilaterally impose the merger irrespective of the Independent Director Committee’s position once Novartis became Alcon’s majority shareholder. On July 8, 2010, Alcon's independent director committee (IDC) had set up a $50 million litigation trust to ensure company's minority shareholders get the best deal from bidder Novartis AG.