HP company was founded on January 1, 1939, by William R. Hewlett and David Packard. Hewlett-Packard’s first computer, the HP 2116A, was developed in 1966 specifically to manage the company’s test and measurement devices. Its first desktop computer, the HP-85, was introduced in 1980. The company’s first successful product for the PC market was actually a printer. The HP LaserJet appeared in 1984 to rave reviews and huge sales, becoming Hewlett-Packard’s single most successful product. During the 2000s, Hewlett-Packard expanded its worldwide operations by opening research laboratories in India, China and Russia; these joined a list that included laboratories in England, Japan and Israel. It was split into two entities in 2015. HP Inc. develops personal computers, printers and related supplies, as well as 3D Printing solutions, where as, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, HPE, handles its enterprise products and services businesses. Dion Weisler is the President & CEO of HP. HP's vision is to create technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere — every person, every organization, and every community around the globe. HP produces lines of printers, scanners, digital cameras, calculators, PDAs, servers, workstation computers, and computers for home and small-business use. HP's Imaging and Printing Group (IPG) was described by the company in 2005 'as the leading imaging and printing systems provider in the world for printer hardware, printing supplies, scanning devices and  providing solutions across customer segments from individual consumers to small and medium businesses to large enterprises'. Deskjet is a brand name for inkjet printers manufactured by HP. These printers range from small domestic to large industrial models, although the largest models in the range have generally been dubbed DesignJet. The Macintosh-compatible equivalent was branded as the Deskwriter and competed with Apple's StyleWriter, and the all-in-one equivalent is called OfficeJet. LaserJet as a brand name identifies the line of dry electrophotographic (DEP) laser printers marketed by HP. The HP LaserJet was the world's first desktop laser printer. It employs xerographic laser-marking engines. HP Pavilion is a line of personal computers produced by Hewlett-Packard and introduced in 1995. The name is applied to both desktops and laptops for the Home and Home Office product range. HP produces eight notebook models include HP Pavilion, 2 under HDX, 4 under HP Mini, 1 under TouchSmart, 3 under G series, and 1 under Compaq Presario. These are customizable in the US only. A variety of different models with different setups are available in other countries. HP offers about 30 customizable desktops; of these, 5 are standard HP Pavilion, 4 are Slimline, 6 are High Performance Edition (HPE), 5 are 'Phoenix' HPE Gaming editions, 5 are Touchsmart, and 5 are All-In-One. In 2016, HP announced a focus on consumers who upgrade their computers frequently and spend more money on games and released the Omen brand of laptops and desktops. HP provides a free tool called HP Print and Scan Doctor to diagnose and resolve printing and scanning problems. It can quickly and automatically perform several troubleshooting tasks. The automatic solutions and instructions provided by HP Print and Scan Doctor can be very effective for resolving many types of printing and scanning problems. HP Print and Scan Doctor is easy to use and comes with its own instructions. HP Support Assistant is a software designed to help you maintain and troubleshoot an HP computer or printer. Use it to read important messages, run diagnostics, troubleshoot problems, access product specifications, and even find out if your printer is still in warranty. Many HP printers come with HP Toolbox software. It is installed with the full feature printer software. To open HP Toolbox, open it from your full feature printer software. Explore the various options that are available for your printer model by clicking each tab. HP provides Computing Diagnostics Solutions with automated diagnostics tools that can help resolve common computer issues like no power no boot, slow pc, sound issues, wireless networking, recovery, and Windows issues. Select your issue from the options provided to see recommended solutions from HP to solve hardware and software problems automatically.